docs/pvcontrol-reference/overview.md, before:

# Overview

The Azure Device Update with PVControl Handler needs to be run inside a [container](https://gitlab.com/pantacor/pv-platforms/adu-agent) in a [Pantavisor-enabled](https://docs.pantahub.com/index.html) device. 

It can process updates formed by a bsp (Linux Kernel, drivers, firmware and [Pantavisor](https://docs.pantahub.com/index.html) binary) plus a number of containers that will provide the application level of the device. This is achieved with the help of the [pvr2adu](pvr2adu.md) script, which takes a [pvr checkout](https://docs.pantahub.com/make-a-new-revision.html) as input and outputs the manifest and tarball that will be consumed by Azure Device Update UI.

Internally, the [PVControl Handler](pvcontrol-handler.md) takes the tarball and installs and applies it with the help of the [pvcontrol](https://gitlab.com/pantacor/pv-platforms/pvr-sdk/-/blob/master/files/usr/bin/pvcontrol) script. This script is just a very simple HTTP client that communicates with [Pantavisor](https://docs.pantahub.com/pantavisor-commands.html), which is the core of the device and is in charge of orchestrating the running containers and managing the updates.

Commit message:

some proposed changes
added more detail to overview on pantavisor

docs/pvcontrol-reference/overview.md, after:

# Overview

Pantavisor is an embedded framework for building containerized embedded systems and applications. It implements a version of lightweight Linux Containers (LXC), and is the easiest way to build a software-defined Linux Embedded product. With your Linux distribution or custom-made firmware userland in containers, your system gets the benefits of portable container lifecycle management without having to replace your distribution. See [What is Pantavisor?](https://docs.pantahub.com/) for more information.  

The Azure Device Update with PVControl Handler runs inside of a [container](https://gitlab.com/pantacor/pv-platforms/adu-agent) in a [Pantavisor-enabled](https://docs.pantahub.com/index.html) device. It can process any updates formed by a bsp (Linux Kernel, drivers, firmware and the [Pantavisor](https://docs.pantahub.com/index.html) binary) plus a number of containers that provide the application level of the device. All of this is achieved with the help of the [pvr2adu](pvr2adu.md) script that takes a [pvr checkout](https://docs.pantahub.com/make-a-new-revision.html) as input and then outputs the manifest and tarball that is consumed by Azure Device Update UI.

Internally, the [PVControl Handler](pvcontrol-handler.md) takes the tarball and then installs and applies it with the help of the [pvcontrol](https://gitlab.com/pantacor/pv-platforms/pvr-sdk/-/blob/master/files/usr/bin/pvcontrol) script. The PVcontrol script consists of a very simple HTTP client that communicates with [Pantavisor](https://docs.pantahub.com/pantavisor-commands.html).
